Index result query to meilisearch (#25)
meilisearch/gatsby-plugin-meilisearch: CONTRIBUTING.md

yarn playground:build
```

If you want to specify your host, API key and index name, you can do so by adding a `.env` file inside the playground folder.
The following environement variables are provided :

```bash
GATSBY_MEILI_SERVER_ADDRESS
GATSBY_MEILI_API_KEY
GATSBY_MEILI_INDEX_NAME

> ```

Author: Done ❤️

yarn playground:build
```

If you want to specify your host, API key and index name, you can do so by editing the `gatsby-config.js` file, as well as the `src/pages/index.js` file if you want to test the playground's front-end.

> You can also use the environment variables `GATSBY_MEILI_HTTP_ADDR`, `GATSBY_MEILI_MASTER_KEY`, and `GATSBY_MEILI_INDEX_NAME`. This can also be done with a `.env` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can set the environment variables `GATSBY_MEILI_HTTP_ADDR`, `GATSBY_MEILI_MASTER_KEY`, and `GATSBY_MEILI_INDEX_NAME`. It is possible to provide them in an `.env` file at the root of the plugin.

example of `.env`: 
```

Is it root of the plugin or in `playground` ?

Author: It's in the playground, I just added your suggestions in a separate commit ;)
